which a guy's got another video here for
you in this one we're going to be taking
a look at how you can manually download
all your Windows updates now you may be
saying to yourself why do I need to
download all my updates manually
well you don't as a technician it's
really useful and it saves a lot of time
and times money so by doing this you can
slipstream these into your disk and into
your Windows disk and it makes it a lot
easier it means you don't have to update
Windows it'll have all the latest
updates for your Windows operating
system and you can even do office and
stuff like that as well ok so with that
said also what's very important is for
Windows XP now Windows XP will stop
supports own Microsoft will stop support
forum and that means that all these
updates won't be available to you so by
getting them now you can actually
slipstream those into your XP disk as
some people may still want to use XP but
without that support you're going to be
wide open so you can actually get all
the updates slipstream them into your
disk and that way if you ever have to
format your machine you can safely put
it back with all these updates installed
ok anyway enough blabbering on let's get
started so let's take a look at the
program we're going to use we got
Windows updates downloader it's a free
tool to download we need to do is come
to this probe website here and then
click on the Program Files and then once
you're there you need to look at the
Windows updates downloader and there's
the link right there there is a lot of
adverts on here so just be careful here
you can see the the actual download link
there that's the latest build to 2.50
once you've got that you can see all the
update lists for the URLs here and you
can see what it actually lets you update
exchange 2003 office 2003 and so on
you've got all your updates here now
don't worry about these so much we're
going to show you how to do this in a
second
this is the downloaded file I've already
got mine installed there you will need
to dock that framework to run this so
let me just click on this now like so
that gives you a little pop-up box and
it just tells you what to do it's pretty
straightforward really so it's telling
us to do is click on this green plus so
we're going to click OK here now what we
need to do is click on here it will open
up the website go to the updates for
your updates list for the URLs and you
can click on here select what you want
to actually update now in this case
we're just going to say it's 8.1 I'm
going to click on that now you can do
any of them in any operating system
don't have to be in there we're just
going to click on this now and it should
open and say compressed URLs file is
installed
that's now installed so let's fire this
up and now once we fire it up now you
can now see all the updates for Windows
8.1 so if you want to get these all down
we need to do is check all and you can
see the security updates here could list
them all they're all listed here is 34
rows and you can see none security
updates is 42 dot that framework you can
see those there that should download all
your optional updates as well you can
take the ticks out if you don't want to
download this select selection here you
just take the tick out but and language
packs okay now if you don't want the
language packs you can take that out and
so on I'm just going to take these two
bottom ones out just to get this down
and show you oh no all you have to do
here now is click download and it will
start to download these files and
there's five of ninety as you can see
the download speed is pretty fast
and this is for 8.1
okay so I did there as I cancelled it
halfway through just to show you exactly
what happens now you can see here we've
got some green boxes and some yellow
boxes now this tells me that we haven't
got all the updates for this and these
gray boxes have not been downloaded at
all so we know we've got all of the
security updates but the non-security
updates are in yellow and that means we
haven't downloaded all of these if I
open this up you'll see what it's
downloaded so it gives you an indication
of what needs to be downloaded and if
there's any more updates there okay so
it does keep you in check there now once
we've got all those downloaded assuming
we've just downloaded all of those got
your options here that you can mess
around with if you need to I just leave
those as is right now now let me just
show you this one we can actually remove
this if we wish and delete this from the
list or we can actually download more so
we can click on the plus sign again it
will open up that web page go back to
our urls list or up the top here one of
these ones and then select what you want
to download next now say for argument's
sake it was Windows XP you could click
on this or windows 7 so let me just show
you the actual XP one so we're going to
look at service pack free XP we've
ordered actual downloads here so I'm
going to click on this or you can
download the XP ones service pack 2
we'll just do this one for now and then
click on that compress URL file its
installed and then close that off and
now we need to do now is select which
one we want we've got the drop down list
here click on this and now we can
download all our XP files and it will be
the same process so if you want to do
that again you just go and pick which
ones you want whether it be Windows 7
pretty straightforward stuff so we'll
just click on there
sixty four-bit one for Windows seven
close that off and then we can select
Windows seven let's just say we wanted
the security updates for now but as you
can see here we've got a lot of the
other updates as well click download and
they will start to come down like so
okay so that's basically how you can
manually download all your Windows
updates and then once you've got all
these you can slipstream them into your
disks we can do what you like with them
but basically they say do it
straightforward stuff okay so I hope
this one helps you out guys my name is
Brian from Burrtec computers co-taught
UK if you enjoy these videos then hit
the like band guys it really does help
me out and also hit the subscribe button
if you want to keep up to date when I
upload new videos so thanks again for
watching guys
thanks to you support button now